Senior surplus
draining the Japanese economy
and have a bad effect
in the younger generation.
Of course, the elderly do not want
be a curse in our life.
The Japanese have a history of sacrifice
long and proud
to benefit the country.
I pray for my brave act
will spark a discussion
and future
brighter
for this nation...
This is the "Music Forest",
hosted by Radio Japan.
And now the news.
Today, the government imposed
Bill "Plan 75", grant of rights
to aid death for all
citizens aged 75 years and over.
In the middle of a hate crime
against parents in that country,
the community is getting
demanded drastic action
to address critical issues
's elderly population .
"Plan 75" caused controversy
since it was first proposed,
but the bill was passed
despite protests.
A solution that never existed before
for the dilemma of the elderly population in Japan
has captured the world's attention...
Stop sighing.
Who am I?
keep going.
Good grief.
I didn't even notice.
- How do you feel?
- Not great.
Do an inspection.
The doctor scared me.
I'll get this out.
Well.
Those apples look so delicious!
Thank you very much.
Oh, this one's a little crushed.
Same after you eat it.
- That's right.
- Of course.
This is for you.
Please, Ineko.
Enjoy your meal.
I'll eat a piece too.
Enjoy your meal!
Enjoy your meal.
Is there any
got ticket number 5?
Are you number 5 maybe?
I'm number 5.
Sorry make you wait.
Get over here.
My knees are a little...
Just wait there.
It's too troublesome!
Just a little walk.
Let's use this.
- Thank you.
- This.
Thank you.
What can you do?
Can you lift your leg?
- This one too.
- Okay.
Sorry make you wait.
I see you have done
your homework.
I have many questions.
We received 1000 Dollars
" preparation fund ", right?
Right.
What can we use it for?
Good question. That's basically it
can be used for any purpose.
For traveling, or enjoying eating in
outside. However you like it, really.
Like a gift.
Some registrars use it
for funeral expenses.
That's kinda normal!
And another question...
Yes.
The "group plan"...
What's that?
This is one of those packages
offered for cremation and burial.
Registrants under the group plan
cremated and buried together.
This service is completely free.
- No fees at all.
- That's right.
The $1,000 fund I mentioned
really yours to use.
Once I die, it makes no difference.
Buried with others
no problem, right?
Some registrars feel
not so lonely as that.
Is... difficult to
pass filter?
No process
special filter.
No inspection
health and unnecessary
doctor's approval
or your family.
So far, this is the easiest way.
I agree.
The simpler the better.
- Did you register today?
- Yes.
Well.
I'll clean up the paperwork.
Exactly 30 minutes.
On time.
Tea for you.
This.
Enjoy your tea.
Bring your elbows forward.
And up, and turn
your elbows back.
Once again...
I will lift your feet now.
Okay.
It's cold today, isn't it?
feels good.
Please wait a moment.
- Hello.
May I do
body check?
Please raise your hand.
Hi darling. How are you?
Mom really miss you.
How do you feel?
They gave you another injection?
That's right, I said it doesn't hurt.
You are a brave girl.
Your game will arrive soon.
Just be patient a little more, okay?
I'm lucky you are
good girl.
Is dad there?
Can I talk to him?
How are you, honey?
Doctor says
does he need surgery urgently?
Isn't it too early?
What is the success rate?
Number 40 to 50, please
to the examination room.
This?
Button above.
The one that says "start".
This one.
Can.
Difficult to lift
your head in a place like this.
Looks like we're holding on tight
on life.
Right.
This announcement is for the patient
examination of the elderly group .
Patients receiving cancer screening,
please proceed to the second floor
after filling
questionnaire .
"For our bright future..."
Humans have no choice
whether to be born,
but how good
if we could choose
when it's time to die.
Can decide how
my life will end
give me peace of mind.
Without a feeling of doubt.
"He lived a good life
by decision,"
is what people
will say about me.
Package 75 available free for all
citizens aged 75 years and over.
We offer every applicant
friendly and personal support.
Feel free to contact today .
Be there for you until the end...
Plan 75.
Excuse me.
We have a reservation
for four people at one o'clock.
- Please come in.
- Fill it for us.
78 years.
What's the time now?
It's just one o'clock.
Let's go.
"Tangled Hair". Number 25.
25...
Who's first today?
How about you Michi?
I can go later.
Go ahead sometime.
Sanae and I always sing.
"Sake of Sorrow".
What number?
37.
"Under the shade of an old apple tree"
"Tomorrow we will
meet one more time"
"When the sun goes red"
"Sink in the west"
"Cheek to cheek fun"
"With a whisper of love"
"Love burns in crimson"
"Like an apple, oh so red"
Look.
It's like a resort hotel.
I took some pamphlets.
One for you.
This.
It's very expensive.
This is Plan 75 "Platinum".
They have everything.
Swimming pool, hot spring,
even a beauty salon. And massage.
And a photo studio.
They do your makeup and...
take beautiful portrait photos.
Like a keepsake photo.
Could be a family photo too.
They called it the "breakup photo".
Private facilities are ball games
different. Makes sense.
I told you so.
Nonetheless, I
prefer to die at home.
I used to feel the same way.
But just look at this place.
You will change your mind.
With family around you,
and left with a smile
on your face will be amazing.
Are you ready to start?
That day will come for all of us.
It's something I should think about
to do for my grandchildren.
If it's for my grandson,
i will do it too.
Hi. You should go on a tour.
Is it really free?
one night two days
meal included.
What kind of food?
Super fancy menus.
How about this?
You like this, right?
- Especially?
- It's too greasy.
- That looks good.
- Hijiki.
You want mackerel?
Should we splurge?
All in all 19.23 Dollars.
I'm the treat.
Oh, they shouldn't!
You are the guest.
I'm the one who forced it.
- This.
- Thank you.
So, I'm with
happy to receive it.
Ineko? do you have
towels to dry off?
Leave it.
It will dry too.
Are you sure?
Sit down and drink tea.
I'll skip
my last bus home.
Just stay here.
I have many futons.
Brush your teeth.
I have prepared everything
what you need. Pajamas too.
In that case, okay.
stay the night.
You never heard
news from your daughter?
I've never met
with my grandchildren.
Even with the kids, I'm lonely.
We are all alone in life.
So true.
Must be too bright.
I'm fine.
Well, I have bodyguards tonight.
A thief wouldn't dare enter.
Someone can definitely sleep here.
I have brought some backups
higher. Please have a look.
Give me that one.
This is our highest model.
It's so high.
- Very high.
- This hurts.
Some people sleep downstairs.
- Under the crack?
- Yes.
It's about that height
same but different material.
- Cold.
- Made of iron.
This one hurts.
Yes, it hurts.
This version is slightly different.
Congested.
There is this type too?
Kids won't get stuck
in it, so it might be safer.
- I'm sliding down.
- This is the shape.
This is good.
That explains the plan.
Do you have any questions?
- Not.
- Very nice.
Here is the application form.
Please fill in.
Thank you very much.
Good night.
Thank you.
Brothers and Sisters.
Brothers and Sisters!
I want to say something.
Before we eat, can we
everyone listen to me?
Maria worked as a governess here.
He helps senior citizens.
Now, he needs our help.
Because he is
going through hard times.
Would you like to explain yourself?
Hi everybody.
This is my daughter in the Philippines.
He was only five years old however
he was born with a heart condition.
Now he needs surgery.
What's his name?
Ruby.
What a beautiful child.
Her name is Ruby.
Isn't she a pretty girl?
Now we will
distributing donation boxes.
Let's all show
our spirit of love and charity
to Maria and Ruby.
I appreciate it.
You can get past this.
Rest assured.
I told you they would help.
Thank you very much.
How much do you earn?
About 1500 Dollars a month.
Please sit.
I know work
who pay more.
What kind of job?
With senior citizens.
But I don't know the details yet.
But I know them
pay well.
How could that be?
Maybe due to the government.
Can I have your cell number?
Of course!
Excuse me.
Uncle.
Yes?
I'm Hiromu.
Takeo's son?
Yes.
You've grown.
Been a long time.
This is my request.
What?
It's his birthday.
He is 75 years old today.
So he has...
That's a good spirit.
are you close to him?
Not. Never met
with him for 20 years.
He didn't even come
to my father's funeral.
Every family has one like that.
Yes.
are you ok with that?
- Yes...
- Meet.
Aunt and uncle are
within three degrees...
You can't do this one.
All right, I will
handed it to Sakurai.
Yes. Do it.
- Thanks for all your teaching.
- No problem. Thank you.
Thank you for
Mrs. Kakutani's service.
- I thank you for everything.
- And my thanks to you.
Thank you for
Mrs. Mimura's service.
- Please take care of yourself.
- Sure, thank you.
Can you hold this for me?
So tacky. Who is
would choose a color like this?
So are you going to your son?
Still not sure.
Lives with his wife
can be annoying, huh?
Living alone is much easier.
How about you?
My eldest daughter said she would
paid me to raise his child.
Don't want to do it.
No omelet
without breaking the egg.
How about you Michi?
As you know, I don't have any
nobody. I have to find a job.
Ineko came out
hospital today, right?
I hope he doesn't faint
at workplace.
None at home
who can help him.
Yes, but why should we suffer?
- There is a written complaint.
- About what?
Too bad the hotel
forcing seniors to work.
Lots of lies.
The company just says it is.
If an elderly employee dies on the spot
work, it will damage their image.
Everyone will grow old...
Thank you.
"Disassembly Notice"
No one can accept
your current phone call .
Please leave a message
after the beep.
Ineko?
This is Michi.
Maybe you're sleeping.
Hello?
I'm just calling for
know how you are.
I will call again.
Look after yourself.
Hello. This is Wakabayashi.
You got a minute?
I wonder if
you can help me.
I have a female customer
78 years old. Not working.
Single occupant.
I know. Yes...
Is there a way you can accommodate him?
We're the fifth place he's placed.
Right.
I understand.
A moment.
If you can pay two years in advance,
he will rent out to the elderly.
Hello? It will be difficult...
That's right.
I understand.
No problem.
We'll talk again. Thank you.
Unfortunately the answer is no.
If I can't get a job,
I guess there's little chance.
This is generally difficult.
By the way, have you
considering well-being?
There are properties for less fortunate people.
Maybe a better chance.
I'm not ready for that choice.
Oh I see.
So I'm afraid we don't
can help you. Forgive me.
Sorry.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
78 years...
Then...
Finished.
Again?
Excuse me?
Yes?
I don't think this is working.
I keep getting zero results.
It works fine.
Miss Oshima?
Yes?
Then what's the problem?
We can't offer
anything to you.
Sorry.
It really failed.
It's because of my age, they say.
So, the reason I called...
Remember you said
about babysitting your grandson?
I wanted to ask if
I can do it.
Yes, me.
Oh I see.
Or maybe your daughter's friend.
Oh, of course!
Sorry to call at dinner.
Okay, I'll hang up.
See you then.
This is a special unit
for people without families.
We take care of the cremation
for them. Together.
First, two people work
same for one patient.
Don't chat.
That's manners. Okay?
How's the trip?
Fluent.
When the girls were little,
I'll ride with one kid in front,
one in the back, and the baby is tied.
Those three kids?
Isn't that difficult?
Well, I'm tough. Just kidding.
You know, we moms
draw strength from our children.
Of course.
Even if the road is uphill,
you will be able to do it.
- You're going to slide up.
- Is that true?
By the way, you
can let go of these two chairs.
You want to go up?
I want to go up!
- Wait a moment. Is it okay?
- Of course.
This one's heavy.
No one can accept
your current phone call .
What's this?
Oh, blood donation records.
Have you ever been in Nagasaki?
Nagasaki?
Oh, for the bridge.
Bridge?
Tunnels, highways, dams...
I will build anything.
- You did it?
- Yes.
All over Japan.
No attachment.
Hiroshima...
Sendai...
Nagoya.
Hokkaido!
That's a lot of blood.
That's right.
Now plastic.
- Kinda bland.
- Yes, right?
- Throw them away?
- Yes.
You keep it there?
They stay cold.
How's your mother?
He remarried.
When?
When is it?
It's been a long time.
Before your father died?
Father is very mellowed out
after he got sick.
He used to be really tough.
There is only one.
I will eat from the pot.
It's been three years since
launch Plan 75.
It has given birth
various private sector businesses
generate income
about 10 billion Dollars.
The government is considering
lowering the eligibility age
65 years for the next ten years .
In a country that has
the fastest aging population in the world,
an expert believes this
can be a positive sign .
"Department of Social Assistance"
"Welfare Consultation Counter
Closed Today"
The door will close.
Get off.
Thank you very much.
Good night.
Would you like some soup?
Thank you.
Hello?
Hello. I'm sorry to bother you.
This is Yoko Narimiya
of Plan 75.
Do I speak
with Mrs. Michi Kakutani?
Yes that's correct.
Thank you for signing up
to Plan 75.
I'm glad I could help you.
I am very grateful.
I will be in touch periodically
but if you
feeling a little uncomfortable,
our call center
operate 24 hours a day,
so feel free to call.
I will do it. Thank you very much.
You.
I? No, thank you.
Dead people, useless anymore.
You're useful, no trash.
Everyone is good.
Remember...
the dead.
My first marriage, I was arranged.
I can't refuse.
Family run business. I
ordered from morning to night.
It becomes a tough task.
What I think about every day
is running away.
Are you running away?
I have children.
But...
umbilical cord wrapped around
neck and died.
Small hospital can not do anything for
help such newborns.
Is my 15 minutes up?
Time flies when I
talk to you.
I'll call you
again on Friday.
Friday. I'm looking forward to it.
Sleep well.
Good night.
Hmm, hello?
Yes ma'am?
Yes?
I'd like to ask.
- This.
- Thank you.
Sorry I forced it like this.
It's okay, if no one knows.
Why are we not allowed
to meet?
Maybe so that people are not tied down
emotional and reconsidering.
You're different than on the phone.
- Are you disappointed?
- Not! Thank you for coming.
Oh, before I forget.
No ican't.
Help. To spend
time with me.
I received 1,000 Dollars, right? But
nowhere to use it.
I have no grandchildren.
Take it.
Thank you...
You make an impression
the same as your voice.
Really?
I always thought you
have a good sound.
My second husband compliments my voice
when you first met me.
I'm pleased to hear it.
Are you and your husband
come here often?
I don't think
will change this much.
This hasn't changed one bit.
Melon soda.
"Cream Soda".
Looks delicious.
- Want to try it?
- I?
- Can you hold it?
- Yes.
Like this?
With both hands.
You start there.
And now?
Take three steps and throw.
One two three...
Almost.
Once again?
OK, I'll try.
- Right in the middle.
- Yes.
Extraordinary!
Thank you.
"Registered Address
No More Registration Required"
The problem is not with the facilities
but the damage in the crematorium.
That's right.
We are very sorry about this.
We contact those who have
appointment tomorrow to reschedule.
Yes. We apologize for this situation.
I will contact you soon.
Thank you for your understanding.
Goodbye.
A day or two late.
Any more than that would be a problem.
What companies are listed here?
Which one?
This is the only place
that I haven't contacted yet.
I'll take care of it.
- I can do it.
- I can.
Get me some coffee.
Well.
I will go.
Good night.
"TPA Services Inc. -
Industrial Waste Disposal"
"Accepted Material -
Rubber, Metal, Paper..."
"Related solid waste
with animals, dead animals..."
"Cremation ashes"
I feel like I have to go shopping
royally today .
I ordered sushi for delivery.
When I called, they said
I can't order it.
But when I explained my situation,
they changed their tone .
They brought me
various luxury options.
It sounds good.
Fancy sushi is really better.
I've never tried fancy sushi.
I should have ordered
one set for you too.
I need to tell you about
some things before the call ends.
Can I?
Yes.
I've already explained this
to you in the beginning,
but it's important, so I
will do it again.
Well.
Plan 75 is
services provided
according to the wishes of our users.
If you change your mind, you
can opt out at any time.
Well.
Tomorrow morning...
when you leave, please
leave your door unlocked.
A member of our staff
will visit to make arrangements
end with your landlord.
I appreciate your concern to the end.
That's all my explanation.
Do you have any questions?
I am really...
always be grateful
can chat with you.
To talk to this old lady...
I will always be grateful...
Just...
that's all.
Goodbye...
Most of our callers
in the 70s or 80s.
Elderly by nature
is a lonely person.
Of course they would
someone to talk to.
Your job
is to approach them
and be a good listener.
In fact, many registrars
who want to stop in the middle of the road.
So please guide each one of them
well, make sure that doesn't happen.
Anxiety and fear
them, it's humane.
Nobody wants to die
for fun.
Align ourselves with
their feelings are key.
And above all,
give them the courage to do
their last journey in peace,
no lasting regrets.
That's our role.
Okay, let's look at studies
real case...
Turn to page eight of your manual.
Sorry about this.
I don't know what's wrong with me today.
I usually wake up at 4 am.
Uncle, your seat belt.
Good afternoon.
Cold today huh?
Let's see...
I will order...
- Oyakodon, please.
- One oyacodon.
Do you want sake?
- What?
- Sake.
Great idea.
Excuse me.
Yes?
Sake, please.
For one person?
Yes.
One glass of sake.
This.
Are you okay?
Want to cancel?
I think your father
very angry with me.
He wants to see you.
You sound like him.
So do you.
Of course.
We are brothers.
Can you give me your left arm?
This is a remedy for nausea.
Can I put it in your hand?
And water.
Have you swallowed it?
Yes.
All right, I'll take it from you.
I will put water here.
And your right hand, please.
Please lie down and relax.
- Excuse me.
- Thank you.
The medicine will be out soon.
Please continue breathing slowly.
You will start to feel sleepy.
Just relax and let yourself fall asleep.
Yes?
OK, I got it.
Maybe broken.
have you
contact the manufacturer?
Yes.
Oh really?
Well, I'll head there now.
I'll be there in a minute.
Uncle?
Uncle!
It doesn't matter.
Bye sir.
Cremation service only, huh?
Right.
Have you prepared the hearse?
No, I use
my own vehicle.
Do you have a coffin ?
Not.
That can be arranged by us.
Yes please.
I'll check what we have.
Please don't turn off the phone.
Well.
Sorry to keep you waiting.
We are very busy now.
The fastest I can enter you
is Friday from
3 to 4 pm.
Four days from now?
We have one place
today at 4 o'clock.
Police. You're over the speed limit.
Sorry.
May I see your license?
Your name is Mister Hiromu Okabe?
Yes.
No change in details?
Not.
Who's that?
my uncle.
Wait here.
Yokohama 132 to the center.
This is the center, please.
Request a license check.
Name, Hiromu Okabe.
License number, 45100326...
In the shade...
old apple tree
Tomorrow...
let's meet
one more time
When the sun
dark red
drowned in
West...